Ouch, it's been hot these days.
There are several more mosquito bags on the body
It tickles me.
sister-in-law
I can do massage techniques, which can not only promote blood circulation and turn yin
It can also reduce swelling and pain
Would you like to try it?
true or false?
Then come and press for sister-in-law, okay?
So comfortable
Don't stop, Xiao Xian
It's so comfortable, sister-in-law, don't call it that.
It's easy to misunderstand.
But Xiaoxian is really comfortable
Sister-in-law is already well, Xiaojie
Really, it doesn't itch at all now
And my skin feels better than before
So awesome
Me, too.
Ah!
Is there anyone on the side of the road?
Ye family, come out soon
What a big event!
Yo, it's all there.
Brother, what are you doing here?
I'm here to tell you good news.
Good news what good news can you have
Your Ye family's old house is going to be demolished